Adding reference to GraphQLRequestListener interface (#7406)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/integrations/plugins.mdx

defines functions that respond to request lifecycle events. This structure
organizes and encapsulates all of your plugin's request lifecycle logic, making it
easier to reason about.
  
> If you're using TypeScript, the object returned by `requestDidStart` should implement the [`GraphQLRequestListener` interface](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server/blob/cc447c5687f67938efb976d7aa282f7a95e313db/packages/server/src/externalTypes/plugins.ts#L104).

>   This interface contains the functions that you can define to respond to the different lifecycle events. 

Reviewer: How about something like this?
```suggestion
  This interface defines the functions that you can implement to handle the various lifecycle events. 
```
